(A)Project : Zap
Author : Garv Bahl

(B) The purpose of this program is to demonstrate Huffman Coding by encoding 
and decoding text files. The program efficiently compresses text data using 
Huffman trees to minimize the overall size of the encoded data.

(C) N/A

(D) - HuffmanCoder.h: Header file containing the definition of the 
HuffmanCoder class.
- HuffmanCoder.cpp: Implementation file for the HuffmanCoder class, including
methods for encoding, decoding, serializing, and deserializing Huffman trees.
- main.cpp: Contains the main function to drive the program, handling file 
input/output and user interactions.

(E) To run the program use ./zap and then the mode you want and the input and 
output files. Example - ./zap zap apple.txt apple_output.zap
Example - ./zap unzap apple_output.zap new_apple.txt

(F) Data Structures:
- HuffmanTreeNode: Nodes of the Huffman tree, containing character, frequency,
and pointers to child nodes.
- std::priority_queue: Used to build the Huffman tree by ensuring the node with
the lowest frequency is always accessible.

Algorithms:
- Huffman Coding Algorithm: Used to generate a compressed binary encoding for
text based on character frequencies.
- Tree Serialization and Deserialization: Custom methods to convert Huffman 
tree into a string format and back for storage or transmission.

Other Applications:
- Data Compression: Huffman coding is widely used in compressing data in 
formats like ZIP.
- Communication Systems: Used to optimize data transmission over 
bandwidth-limited channels by minimizing the data size.

(G) For testing I used unit_tests to test the individual functionality 
of the functions in phase one and then used that code in phase 2 since
I knew it already worked to a good standard. Next, I created files in
which I altered their input to test if my implementation was robust enough to
handle different sorts of inputs and then diff tested the original input file
with the output files when unzapped.

(H) approximately 20 hours were spent on this assignment.


